Installing Loki Operator by using the web console (#102404)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-loki-operator-web-console.adoc

  limits:
    global: # <3>
      retention: # <4>
        days: 20 # Set the value as per requirement
  size: 1x.small # <5>
  storage:
    schemas:
    - version: v13
      effectiveDate: "<yyyy>-<mm>-<dd>" # <6>
    secret:
      name: logging-loki-s3 # <7>
      type: s3 # <8>
  storageClassName: <storage_class_name> # <9>
  tenants:
    mode: openshift-logging # <10>
----
<1> Use the name `logging-loki`.
<2> You must specify `openshift-logging` as the namespace.
<3> Define global limits that apply to the LokiStack instance. For information about setting stream-based retention, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_logging/6.3/html/configuring_logging/configuring-lokistack-storage#logging-loki-retention_configuring-the-log-store[Enabling stream-based retention with Loki]. This field does not impact the retention period for stored logs in object storage.
<4> Retention is enabled in the cluster when this block is added to the CR.
<5> Specify the deployment size. Supported size options for production instances of Loki are `1x.extra-small`, `1x.small`, or `1x.medium`. Additionally, `1x.pico` is supported starting with {logging} 6.1.

> <6> For new installations this date should be set to the equivalent of "yesterday", as this will be the date from when the schema takes effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> For new installations, set this date to yesterdays date. This ensures the schema applies to all future logs.
```
